yes
insensitive revenge
to be the best I must face the worst
enemy
and later
get ready from elvis collaborate
with my hip to advance from the anguish
do not laugh and stay still
like no flyer eat fruits
your mind
do not
I must learn the best ninja shots
of the master patadón undertake the
dangerous search of his lair
mountainous steps from the blue sky
all right
destination mountain hollow steps from
blue sky
so
or yes I love my gold I can help you I demand that
teach me your best ninja take I should see
if you are worthy of my legendary teaching
let's try to remove the rice ball
from my head
easy
obama
it is not impossible you think it is
impossible why you fail today you could
buy me the truth
in this case
but you know how to decide good
beginner how will you begin with my
touch bar power
get ready to feel the smell of your
defeat
mom
to my eyes my eyes
your deodorant stinks I see that the
situation asks for a lotus flower
destroyer a coconut flower
look, for you
yes
kind
this flower has no power I refuse to
buy more of your cheap tricks or
when elements that you feel that way
because I can see that you're finally
ready for my best movement
the hurricane ninja palm tree curler
this guaranteed clinical enemy or will have
the money
I want to see the movement very well before
power t
strong enough
I buy
enough of this frivolous fight person of
my maximum maneuver
Oh
I have to prepare for waiting and almost not
wait
I was not ready
what part of waiting do you not understand
and it does not wait for you I need time
go by Warwick come back in 5 minutes
not in 10
I love you
and where is
they will be back
where are you
we should not do something
do not
ah
finally
there is not a second
but no
to the warranty covers
without receipt there is no bag